meanwhile attention back to the track
it's the boys 110 meter hurdles final so
we saw some terrific running to get here
from the semi-finals
earlier today including the world
leading time going twice
first two Marlin Humphrey of the USA and
then to jam your hide of Jamaica JA
he'll hide they're shown on our caption
thirteen point two two in his semi-final
getting pretty close the championship
record Wayne Davis thirteen one eight
six years ago and then the World Youth
best was sent by Wilhelm Molossia of
France last year and thirteen one two
also around very well of course in the
World Junior Championships in Barcelona
[Music]
marks on
there is the lineup we have a tumor of
Nigeria Kawamura of Japan Hyde of
Jamaica Edie Bonnie of Cuba Humphrey of
USA Lou of China
Dixon Earl of Great Britain and more of
us a brilliant times in the semi-final
so that the youth seasons list is now
dominated by those performances headed
by Hyde and Humphrey
[Music]
the agent he'll hide moving into third
equal on the all-time list so let's go
through the field sixty-four is affion
ye Andrew at Tamar of Nigeria well he's
confident
13:58 he's no 8th on the youth list for
this year
the proud wearer of the Nigerian vest
[Music]
Kalamata of Japan who's going to Vesta
1361 well he points to his Japan vest
it's catching 1361 to qualify for this
final now the man who really come
through here in these championships
personal best in heat and semi-final
1322 a brilliant time world leading mark
in his semi-final looks superb did the
young Jamaican who's still a youth next
year - 5 - he came here as the world
leader he's now third on that list this
year don't underestimate him though
Roger
addabani 1333 is his personal best
Marlin Humphrey who will run the 400
meter hurdles titled
tomorrow the WS youth champion of 140
meter hurdles 1328 in his semi-final
smashing personal best new yang eased
off to win his first semi-final he's got
a best of 13 45 they may well be more to
come from the Chinese youth champion you
and Dixon Earl of Great Britain almost
went out in his heat when he stumbled
through a cover to run a brilliant
13:48 personal best in his semi-final to
qualify for this final
[Music]
and Isaiah more is already a medalist in
these championships took a bronze in the
long jump yesterday personal bests of
1366 in both heat and semi-final so very
keenly awaited final we had brilliant
women's print hurdling yesterday
Holloman fair it's a tuna of Nigeria
Kawara of Japan Hyde Jamaica
addabani Cuba Humphrey USA Lu China
Dixon o Britain more USA Stadium hushed
to break yourself before
[Music]
come free away well in five Rabbani left
a little bit
the Pied of Jamaica is also flying now
it's a Jamaican and it's the American
and outside them it's Lou as well and
it's hi Dan Humphrey and it's Hydra
winds it Humphrey and second place Lou
is in third place very bond is left it's
thirteen point one four let's see what
it's finally confirmed as because it's
very close to the world record of 13 one
two for youth certainly the second best
ever and I yet another huge improvement
for this great talent ja he'll hide and
it's 13 1 3 a championship record by dou
v off that an only 0.01 outside the
world record tied wins Humphrey second
Luther this young man from warmers high
school in Jamaica balancing rods
football is with running track and field
and amazingly talented young man from
what I've been what I've heard about him
and thirteen point one three a very
impressive time put some number two
all-time and will you in the world youth
ranks and he'd exhibited the ability to
win this race in the semifinals and came
out and just did what he was supposed to
do in this final
you see on the replay look at in there
the right of your screen in lane number
three a wonderful start but Humphrey in
lane number five got out well as well
but it was always had his like the
Jamaican hide a nice free run nobody
around him to distract him but he kept
his focus
Humphrey hit a hurdle he did well to
hold on and take the silver and the
Chinese athlete well who got the bronze
well it was a super race not the tallest
of athletes oh gosh is he got some good
leg speed and some good technique as
well good technique and technique fitted
for these shorter hurdles I think just
watching in the rounds and through the
semifinals I think these taller athletes
had more problems with the shorter
hurdles and you could see it especially
in the latter part of the races you know
as we've gone through these
championships but nonetheless a great
time for Jalil Hyde so the gold medal
for 110 meter hurdles going to Jay he'll
hide of Jamaica in a championship record
thirteen point one three Marlin Humphrey
taking the silver for the USA in 13 24 a
new yang of China the bronze in 1533